gh-107394: Document the `keys` method being part of the datamodel (#107395)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/datamodel.rst

either to emulate a sequence or to emulate a mapping; the difference is that for
a sequence, the allowable keys should be the integers *k* for which ``0 <= k <
N`` where *N* is the length of the sequence, or :class:`slice` objects, which define a

> range of items.  Another difference is the :meth:`keys` method which is specific to
> mappings.  It is also recommended that mappings provide the methods
> :meth:`values`, :meth:`items`, :meth:`get`, :meth:`clear`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
range of items, while mappings must define the :meth:`keys` method.  Along with
the :meth:`keys` method, it is recommended that mappings provide the methods
:meth:`values`, :meth:`items`, :meth:`get`, :meth:`clear`,
```

   the container.

.. method:: object.keys(self)

>    This method can be used by Python in arbitrary circumstances to treat an

Reviewer 2: «Arbitrary» makes it sound like this is not well defined

Author: That's the goal : to make no promises as to which part of the implementation use `keys` rather than, for example, `__iter__`. That formulation could disappear if we consider what I wrote as an implementation detail to be documented, and if we also make the pledge not to rely on `keys` for **anything** other than the unary `**` and the update method. I think it's better this way.

Reviewer 2: But it sends a mixed message to have the datamodel doc sound uncertain about this!

Reviewer: Are there any places in Python where the presence of `keys` is *not* used to determine a mapping?

Author: @ethanfurman there aren't many places where it needs to be determined whether something is a mapping or not, so I guess no, not really. Though `issubclass`/`isinstance` with collections.abc.MutableMapping doesn't check that and only checks inheritance (and things registered to it using the class's register method), as opposed to other ABCs in the same module - but that's the stdlib, not the CPython implem itself.

Author: Maybe we could say that Python calls that method when it needs to tell a mapping apart from a sequence, and that it happens at least with the unary `**` and in dict.update ? Without implementation detail entry at all. And assuming no other instance where it doesn't check `keys` is found.

   arbitrary instance as a mapping or not.  The method should return an object
   that can iterate over all the keys of the mapping.

   .. impl-detail::

>       In CPython, the method is used by the ``**expression`` syntax in

Reviewer 3: any identifier works certainly, but other places in the file it says `**keywords`, `**kwds` and `**kwargs`. For those used to python, something like `**kwargs` is even easier to read since it fits a very well known pattern, maybe?

Author: `**kwargs` can mean two things, either something you write in a function _signature_, also known as a variadic keyword parameter or a keyword catch-all, or you can write it in a function _call_. In the former case it takes an identifier and you can only have one, and in the latter it takes any expression and you can have several of them in the same call.
I think that's the reason why it was written as `**expression` in the Calls section of the doc (which I link to), so I think this formulation is less ambiguous.

Author: From the datamo page, since you talked about other examples :
- The first occurrence is `**keywords` which in contexts designates a function signature, specifically not the unary `**` operator I'm talking about in this PR
- The second is `__init_subclass__` taking a `**kwargs` in its signature so same issue, even though it calls the super with the visually identical `**kwargs` after
- Then there is `__prepare__` and the `metaclass` call, which... are a mix of the two, I guess.

      :ref:`function calls <calls>`, as well as in the implementation of the

>       :meth:`dict.update` method of the native dictionnary class.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      :meth:`dict.update` method of the native dictionary class.
```

just a small thing

Reviewer 2: Why not even:
```suggestion
      :meth:`~dict.update` method of the native :class:`dict` class.
```

Author: That could work too, what does the ~ do, it removes the "dict." from the output ?

Reviewer 2: yes!

Author: done
